Storyteller profile
Name: B.
Age Range: Early 30s
General Demeanor: Friendly, confident, and articulate. Communicates with ease and precision, carrying an open, approachable presence that makes conversation feel natural and engaging.

The Missing Fan
Alright, so last summer my lease was ending in my apartment, and I needed to find a place to live quickly, and I didn't have a job, so I subleased from a friend.
It was a fifth-floor walk-up on the Upper East Side. And I was moving from Brooklyn.
The day before, I went to the apartment, got to see everything. It was empty. All the windows were open. I closed all the windows, and she left behind a fan for me because there was no AC.
The movers came the next day to my old apartment in Brooklyn. We made it all the way to the Upper East Side.
I got there first, and I made it all the way up the stairs, and there was a window open, and the fan was gone. And I immediately panicked because I was like, well, the movers are on the way with every item that I own right now, and I don't know what to do.
So I texted her, and I was like, "Were you at the apartment?" And she said, "Nope, I gave you the keys and I haven't been back."
And so I was like, "It's a fifth-floor walk-up. I don't know who would have gotten up here." The fire escape wasn't by the window that was open—the other window was open. I made sure to lock all of them.
Then the movers came.
She and her boyfriend came to try to figure out what was going on. They talked to the super, who's the only person to have a key, and he said, "I have no idea what you're talking about. I haven't even been here."
So then I, again, was in a panic. We called a locksmith to come and change the locks, and I had a nice conversation with him about how to make sure I'm not broken into during the month that I'm here.
Then we called the police.
The police investigated. They did the whole fingerprinting thing. At one point they were like, "There's fingerprints on the window." And I was like, "Those are my fingerprints on the window because I was closing it, trying to make sure that no one else would get in here."
We filed a police report and never found out what happened.
She said that something went missing while she was moving, and she just wasn't able to find it.
But I got a security system and a bunch of different locks and stuff to put in that apartment for the month that I was there, and nothing else went missing, so…

